The person in charge of Mr. Su's re-examination has arrived
I'll be right there.
Ah, Mr. Su
You can't go over yet.
The person in charge of the re-examination said he wanted to meet the deputy
If you don't comply
Today's project cannot be carried out.
assistant
repeat
revival
Are you from Fuji?
Exactly. Have I actually worked for a large company before?
Assistant to the big boss
What's more, if I'm really the responsible person
I wouldn't be reduced to this, would I?
Don't do it with the specialties of big companies
Run to me as a little assistant
Revival what is your purpose in doing this
Sister, I was squeezed out because of an internal struggle.
Otherwise it wouldn't be like this
Trust you once
It's like catching up with old colleagues
Don't be nervous, follow up
Roll call is my responsibility
I'd like to see who is so bold